https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/1175 D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/1979 D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/LA-2KAN D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/EQT-2Kan D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/Smooth Limiter D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/Saturation D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/TubeharmonicsAmp D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/MGALimiter D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/Stereo Enhancer D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/Majortom D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/Transpire D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/eventhorizon D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/SaturationFancy D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/AnalogSumming D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/SLAX D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/Fairlychildish D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/masterLimiter D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/rbj1073 D.jsfx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/ui-lib_d.jsfx-inc
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/st-oversampler.jsfx-inc
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/spectrum.jsfx-inc
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/VT_Filters.jsfx-inc
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/delay-utils.jsfx-inc
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/rbj_filter.jsfx-inc
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/tk_lib_d.jsfx-inc
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/cookdsp.jsfx-inc
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/zdf_filter.jsfx-inc
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/firhalfband.jsfx-inc
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/svf_filter.jsfx-inc
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/tk-vu_lib_d.jsfx-inc
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/eventhorizonclipper/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/eventhorizonclipper/meter.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/eventhorizonclipper/bg.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/eventhorizonclipper/knob.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/saturationfancy/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/saturationfancy/bg.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/saturationfancy/knob.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/GeraintUI/theme-stock.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/eqt2kan/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/eqt2kan/knob-lf.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/eqt2kan/bg.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/eqt2kan/knob-hf.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/eqt2kan/knob-sel.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/eqt2kan/knob.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/rbj1073/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/rbj1073/knob-gain.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/rbj1073/knob-hpf.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/rbj1073/knob-boost.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/rbj1073/knob-lf.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/rbj1073/bg.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/rbj1073/knob-mf.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/saturation/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/saturation/pill.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/saturation/spotlight.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/saturation/title.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/saturation/bg.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/saturation/glow.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/saturation/knob.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/transpire_gfx/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/transpire_gfx/knob_2.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/transpire_gfx/clip.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/transpire_gfx/knob_4.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/transpire_gfx/credits.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/transpire_gfx/bg.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/transpire_gfx/knob_3.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/transpire_gfx/knob_1.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/mgalimiter/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/mgalimiter/meter.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/mgalimiter/bg.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/mgalimiter/knob.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/masterlimiter/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/masterlimiter/screw.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/masterlimiter/meter.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/masterlimiter/bg.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/masterlimiter/knob.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/fairlychildish/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/fairlychildish/button.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/fairlychildish/bg-lr.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/fairlychildish/bg-latvert.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/fairlychildish/button-agc.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/fairlychildish/button-lr.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/fairlychildish/meter.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/fairlychildish/knob-time.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/fairlychildish/button-latvert.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/fairlychildish/knob-screw.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/fairlychildish/knob.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/majortom/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/majortom/button.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/majortom/meter.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/majortom/button-ext.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/majortom/bg.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/majortom/button-detect.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/majortom/knob.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/slax_gfx/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/slax_gfx/needles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/slax_gfx/bigpot.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/slax_gfx/bg.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/slax_gfx/prepot.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/slax_gfx/optbut.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/slax_gfx/opt.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/tubeharmonics/button-tubes.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/tubeharmonics/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/tubeharmonics/knob-small.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/tubeharmonics/button-switch.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/tubeharmonics/bg.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/tubeharmonics/knob.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1979/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1979/button-phase.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1979/knob-trim.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1979/button-bypass.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1979/knob-gainlow.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1979/knob-eqmid.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1979/bg.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1979/knob-eqhpf.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1979/knob-eqlow.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1979/knob-gainmid.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1979/knob-drive.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1979/knob-gainhigh.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/knob-s.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-sc.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-scb.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-allb.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/knob-b.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-blb.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/meter.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-8.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-12b.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-4b.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-12.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/bg.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-20b.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-by.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-bl.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-20.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-8b.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-4.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/knob-screw.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/1175/button-all.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/la2kan/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/la2kan/button-led.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/la2kan/meter.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/la2kan/knob-big.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/la2kan/bg.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/la2kan/button-toggle.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/stereoenhancer/bgmcp.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/stereoenhancer/knob-small.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/stereoenhancer/button-v.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/stereoenhancer/button-h.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/stereoenhancer/knob-big.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/your_github_username/your_repository/main/D JSFX/DGFX/stereoenhancer/bg.png
